Revision: planner--mwolson--1.0--patch-11
Archive: mwolson@member.fsf.org--2004
Creator: Michael Olson <mwolson@member.fsf.org>
Date: Wed Oct 13 23:24:41 EST 2004
Standard-date: 2004-10-14 04:24:41 GMT
Modified-files: planner-bbdb.el planner-diary.el
    planner-export-diary.el planner-ledger.el
    planner-rmail.el planner-tasks-overview.el planner-vm.el
    planner-wl.el planner.el
New-patches: mwolson@member.fsf.org--2004/planner--mwolson--1.0--patch-11
Summary: Add copyright notices and note contributions
Keywords: 

2004-10-13  Michael Olson  <mwolson@gnu.org>

    * planner-bbdb.el: Make contributors section.  Add Andrew J. Korty
    to it.

    * planner-diary.el: Make contributors section.  Add Travis
    B. Hartwell to it.  Space out years in copyright notice.  Make
    spacing in header part of file more consistent.

    * planner-export-diary.el: Make contributors section.  Add Xin Wei
    Hu to it.  Add copyright notice for Xin Wei Hu.

    * planner-ledger.el: Add email address for Will Glozer to
    copyright notice.  Remove spurious semicolons.

    * planner-rmail.el: Remove spurious semicolons.  Make contributors
    section.  Add Frederik Fouvry to it.

    * planner-tasks-overview.el: Reformat commentary section.  Make
    contributors section.  Add Andrew J. Korty to it.  Add thanks
    section because the URL in it mentions someone who also helped out
    with this file in some way.

    * planner-vm.el: Add Parts copyright notice for Jürgen Doser.  Add
    him also to the newly-made contributors section.

    * planner-wl.el: Add email address for Yvonne Thomson.  Add Parts
    copyright notice for Angus Lees.  Add him to the newly-made
    contributors section.  Remove "Largely rehacked" message since the
    contributors section describes the contribution better.

    * planner.el: Change Parts copyright message for Sacha to a full
    copyright notice since she is the maintainer.  Add Parts copyright
    notices for David D. Smith, Yvonne Thomson, Michael Olson, and
    Maciej Kalisak.  Add more detail to thanks section.  Add David
    D. Smith, Daniel Neri, Mario Peter, Yvonne Thomson, Hoan Ton-That,
    Michael Olson, Maciej Kalisak, Dale P. Smith, and Stefan Reichör
    to the newly-made contributors section.
    (planner-annotation-from-info): Move "Thanks to ..."  notice to
    contributors section.

